hi i'm timmy i'm the host thank you for
watching
thank you guys for not leaving hey i
you know what i appreciate that i know
we're here to have fun
and i don't want to bum anybody out but
i feel like you should remember those
murder hornets the deadly murder hornets
yeah they're coming back they're uh and
they're
horneter than ever they're scientists
are warning the united states and canada
needs to take action to stop the hornets
from
wreaking havoc this spring murder
hornets are coming in they're very
dangerous which is why they call them
murder hornets but
it's what they do is they can decimate a
beehive they can tear through 40 bees a
minute
they rip their heads off and take the
bodies for food it's like if you let
donald trump loose in a buffalo wild
wings
and that's bad for all of us
if the bees authorities are saying uh do
what you've been doing
for all of last year stay indoors maybe
they can
you know they got to figure out how to
fill the hornets with the covet vaccine
they can just go around and sting
everybody
you're good to go that's a win-win so
the killer bee big killers are back
and march madness is back to the ncaa
tournament is underway you know they had
to skip it last year because of the
pandemic but this year
this is the year that i answered the
question how do you have an office pool
when there's no one at the office and
the answer for us is you don't nobody
did it so
guillermo did you fill out a bracket no
jimmy no maybe
we should just do one for the two of us
like it's more of an office hot tub than
a pool
sure yeah let's do one yeah all right
run to kinko's and get those printed up
president obama as
is his tradition what did i miss over
there
no i think they're closed kinko's close
oh kinko's is closed yeah they went out
of business
um president obama released his
[Applause]
you know i'm gonna go watch this at home
tonight and then you're fired right
[Applause]
uh president obama went out on a limb he
took number one seed gonzaga to go all
the way which is interesting when you
consider that gonzaga as i've pointed
out in the past
is not even a school that doesn't exist
it's imaginary
they made it up to win basketball
tournaments it's a pretend place it's
like wakanda for white people
here's how you know they're running a
scam on us this is an article from the
cbs news affiliate in spokane
where gonzaga claims to be located this
is the headline
where in the world is gonzaga university
the local news station in spokane is
unable to find this made-up school
and obama picked them to win obama
gonzaga they're all in on it together
president biden just got a nice little
shot in the arm you know how he said he
hoped to get 100 million americans
vaccinated by the end of his first 100
days in office
well he beat that deadline by six weeks
isn't it amazing what you can do
when you don't put jared in charge it
really is
we're at 100 million vaccinations and
the most impressive part i don't know if
you know those they did it all with
three needles
they use them and they wipe them off
with a rag like the grill at benihana
it's a little weird to have a president
who actually does what he says he's
going to do
i don't like it i it makes me
uncomfortable i feel like biden's doing
that thing hustlers do when they pretend
they never played basketball before and
then
as soon as the money comes out they
start dunking on everyone
the big challenge now will be can they
find another 100 million americans
who want it cnn did a very fox
newsy-esque thing
they stopped by a restaurant in boise
city oklahoma to ask if anyone
waiting for their waffles was planning
to order up a dose of the vaccine
does anybody in this restaurant think
it's a good idea to take the vaccine
raise your hand if you think it's a good
idea
anyone here is a good idea to take the
vaccine raise your hand if you think
it's a good idea
not one person here thinks is a good
idea yeah well that's what they're
saying yeah okay
another show of hands who thinks
bigfoots are gay anybody
people in oklahoma call themselves
sooners because they're gonna die sooner
if they don't get the vaccine
well i hope they change their minds last
night i mentioned that biden said he's
planning to make russia pay for their
repeated election meddling and he called
vladimir putin a killer
well today putin responded in a way that
was very putinesque
as he said we know each other personally
what would i reply to him
i would say i wish you health i wish you
health
i say that without any irony or joke
in other words if you know what's good
for you don't drink the chamomile tea
that was menacing huh really makes you
wonder what joe biden's mother would
have to say about this
joe biden quotes his mother more than
any president even vice president pence
didn't talk about mother as much as joe
does welcome
as my mom would say god love you all we
got a lot of work to do
my mother would say god love him my
mother would say god bless your son no
purgatory for you
as my mother used to say hush up joey
and as
my mother would say i hope you keep me
in your prayers too as my mother from
scranton said god
love you as the able as my mom would say
be able to walk a mile
in your shoes if you want to know me
because my mother would say god
love you all if you talk like dads my
mother would say get your mouth washed
out with soap
remember how he dilly dallied as my
mother used to say
as my mother would have said enough is
enough is enough
his mother said a lot of things it's my
mother used to say
leave your sister alone that's or i'll
break your head
that's what when she was really mad she
would say this is real
my mother would say get out of my sight
and she didn't want her eyes to be
soiled by me
here's a fun story involving our
previous president
a place called louis to sod's wax works
in san antonio had to remove its
sculpture of donald trump
because people kept punching it in the
face every day
someone will punch the wax figure in the
face
there he is it's uh this should tell you
something look at the other two guys
he's posed with putin and kim jong-un
and the one getting punched in the face
every day trump is our own guy
and what a likeness zoom in on that if
you will
why he has heather locklear's hair i
don't know but anyway because of all the
violent attacks they had to take the
statue down
that's a shame why not just fill it with
candy and give everyone a bat
things have begun to reopen around the
country and here in california too by
next month
they say the big theme parks could be up
and running and when they
are in order to reduce the spread of the
virus they're asking customers
not to scream on roller coasters for
real they don't want
welcome to our amusement park do not
show amusement or you will be ejected
from movie theaters are opening too this
is the first week movie theaters were
open in la and this was interesting
at the end of that you know that little
video about turning off your cell phone
they added the words welcome back to the
movies
and audiences they cheered they erupted
with tears
unfortunately as a result of those
cheers dozens of them were infected
and the theaters immediately shut back
down but it's nice to see people excited
they also punched up the pre-show song
with lyrics more specifically suited to
our current situation
don't cough on anybody if you
come for my body security will beat
[Music]
the chocolate bars and the candy have
been dunked in fresh and sandy
so don't cough on anybody
say goodbye to amc don't cough
on anybody
or say goodbye to amc
that's nice i'm eating raisonettes with
tongs
people are also hitting the gym again
not me but some people are hitting the
gym again
here in l.a gyms and fitness centers are
operating now at 10
capacity and i wonder if it'll ever go
all the way back
sales of peloton bicycles were up 172
since the pandemic started which you all
know
because every one of your friends who
has a peloton
tells you all about it all the time one
of the new most annoying people in the
world
over the past 12 months is the friend
who got a peloton
they've been holed up with nothing to do
but ride the bike and brag about it
pelotons are the new marathons something
must be done
and fortunately help is on the way
your peloton has transformed your body
and life
but what's the point if you have no one
to share it with say
hello to teleton certified pellet
talkers are available 24 hours a day to
listen to all your bike related babble
teletan can i help you i just got a new
personal best
that's awesome josh i'm so proud of you
teleton will help you stop
torturing those around you guys guess
who got their hundredth ride
spoiler alert it's me i got the
hundredth ride
best thing i ever got to start torturing
us
that's fascinating tell me more yes i
just burned 400 calories in 20 minutes
you go girl every triumph now
it's like there's definition in my quads
that's
crazy every epiphany this bike hasn't
just
changed me it saved me yeah
you mentioned that nothing is off limits
one of my
testies is uh smidge tender that's file
sir
why are cycling shirts so tight i'm
thinking of getting a peloton tattoo is
it weird how great i feel are we friends
do you pay 40 a month to talk to your
friends i'm sweating from my
elbows what am i supposed to do with
these feelings
i think that i don't give a did i
mention how amazing the bike is
yep if you're doing a ride with songs
from a musical you probably don't need
the instructor to explain the plot of
the musical to you the whole time
no really honestly keep going because
really
what is cooler than owning a stationary
bike
okay top 12 instructors not in
alphabetical order no
this stops now nobody gives a about
you and your
stupid
teletime
[Applause]
[Music]
it's it's based on a true story
these are two of our writers that's the
uh our community theater of two of our
riders joelle and josh and the best part
is josh
who um was the guy on the bike in that
bit he doesn't know how to ride a bike i
had to teach him how to write about it
and yet he can only ride one that is
literally screwed into the ground
but you look great your body it's really
paying off yeah
one more thing before we crack on it's
thursday night which means it's time
to bleep and blur the big tv moments of
the week it's time for this week an
unnecessary censorship
a piece of information that came to
light today was the governor's
preoccupation
with his size small
are the backbone of our communities
check out what i got for today i got a
mask that says
me i'm irish oh nice i love you
and i will you
every day from here on out if you'll let
me
the implementation of the program of
getting
into people's is really accelerating
greatly you know vladimir putin you
think he's
i do one of the reasons you're such
is that you remembered to say
well there's a few here tonight that i
want to definitely john mayer
johnny where are you john i want to
okay
[Music]
[Applause]
my old spongebob t-shirt was covered in
thanks for watching if you liked that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it
you will you hurt my feelings